ASIA, this division of the globe is distinguished by its vast extent; by the striking character of its interior geography; above all by the stupendous revolutions of which it has been the scene ; and, lastly, by the high antiquity of its civilization, of which we can still faintly trace the precious remains.
Stretching from the southemn hemisphere into the northern regions of perpetual winter, it comprises within its bounds the opposite extremes of heat and cold; all the varieties consequently of the animal and vegetable tribes; and that still more interesting variety which the irresistible law of climate impresses on the human species. The surface of Asia, towering to its height far above the regions of perpetual snow, presents, when superficially examined, a confused mass of lofty mountains, diverging into an endless
yariety of inferior ridges, apparently without plan or system. But a more attentive survey discloses, amid the bold irregularities of nature, the same order and unity of design in the structure of this great continent, as in all the other works of' creation.


AFRICA, the knowledge of this great continent which ancient writers have transmitted to posterity, is of very limited extent, owing principally to its physical construction. The great desert, which in a broad belt stretches quite across the continent, forbade every attempt to pass it until the introduction of the camel by the Arabs. The want of any known great river, except the Nile, that night conduct into the interior, contributed to confine the Greek and Roman colonists to the habitable belt along the northern coast. The Phoenicians are known to have formed establishments on the northern coast of Africa at a very early period of history, probably not less than 3000 years ago ; and the conquest of Egypt by Cambyses dates as far back as the year B.C. 525. 


EUROPE, one of the great divisions of the globe. On a first view Europe appears to be less favoured by nature than the other quarters of the globe over which it has obtained so great an ascendancy. It is much smaller in extent; its rocky and mountainous surface does not admit of those noble rivers, like inland seas, which lay open the remotest regions of Asia and of America to the commerce of the world. Its vegetable produetions are neither so various nor so exuberant; and it is poorly supplied with the precious metals, and with many of those commodities on which mankind set the greatest value. On the other hand, the climate of Europe, if it nourishes a less huxuriant vegetation, is of an equal and temperate kind, well adapted to preserve the human frame in that state of health and vigour which fits it for labour, and promotes the development of the intellectual and moral powers. 

OCEANIA, used to be named AUSTRALIA, is the only continent entirely in the southern hemisphere.Ả mostly unbroken coast-line faces the sea in majestic and stately curves, giving the whole land a character of compactness, which likens it in some way to portions of the African continent. Quite one-half of its area is drained towards the interior.
There are, however, no rivers like the Congo or Nile, and no snow-capped mountains to act as feeders. The average height of the land is not more than 300 feet, the highest point, Mount Kosciusko, being only 7328 feet above sea-level, and well below the limits of perpetual snow. Australia lies between 10" 39' and 39 11!' south lat, and between meridians of 113 5' and l53 16' east long. Its greatest length is 2400 miles from east to west, and the greatest breadth 1971 miles from north to south. The area is, approximately, 2,946,691 square miles, with a coast line measuring about 8850. This is equal to one mile to each333 square miles of land, the smallest proportion of coast shown by any of the continents. 


NORTH AMERICA, with the general form of a triangle, naturally divides itself into five physical regions: 1. The table-land of Mexico, with the strip of low country on its eastern and western shores; 2. The plateau lying between the Rocky Mountains and the Pacific Ocean, a country with a mild and humid atmosphere as far north as the 55th parallel, but inhospitable and barren beyond this boundary ; 3. The great central valley of the Mississippi, rich and well wooded on the east side; bare but not unfertile in the middle; dry, sandy, and almost a desert on the west; 4. The eastern declivities of the Alleghany Mountains, a region of natural forests, and of mixed but rather poor soil; 5. The great northern plain beyond the 50th parallel, four-fifths of which
is a bleak and bare waste, overspread with innumerable lakes, and resembling Siberia both in the physical character of its surface and the rigour of its climate.

South America is a peninsula likewise of triangular form. Its greatest length from north to south is 4550 miles; its greatest breadth 3200; and it covers an area, as already mentioned, of 6,500,000square English miles, about three-fourths of which lie between the tropics, and the other fourth in the temperate zone. From the configuration of its surface, this peninsula also may be divided into five physical regions: 1. The low country skirting the shores of the Pacific Ocean, from 50 to 150 miles in breadth, and 4000 in length. The two extremities of this territory are fertile, the middle a sandy desert. 2. The basic of the Orinoco, a country consisting of extensive plains or steppes, called Llanos, either destitute of wood or merely dotted with trees, but covered with a very tall herbage during a part of the year. During the dry season the heat is intense here, and the parched soil opens into long fissures, in which lizards and serpents lie in a state of torpor. 3. The basin of the Amazon, a vast plain, embracing a surface of more than two millions of square miles, possessing a rich soil and a humid climate, It is covered almost everywhere with dense forests, which harbor innumerable tribes of wild animals, and are thinly inhabited by savages, who live by hunting and fishing. 4. The great southern plain, watered by the Plata and the numerous streams descending from the eastern summit of the Cordilleras. Open steppes, which are here called Pampas, occupy the greater proportion of this region, which is dry, and in some parts barren, but in general is covered with a strong growth weeds and tall grass, which feeds prodigious herds of horses and cattle, and affords shelter to a few wild animals. 5. The country of Brazil, eastward of the Parana and Uruguay, presenting alternate ridges and valleys, thickly covered with wood on the side next the Atlantie, and opening into steppes or pastures in the interior.

ANTARCTICA, the south polar region, is almost covered by the ocean, the only extensive land being far to the south. It was of course entirely un known to the ancients and to the early navigators of modern Europe, although a theory prevailed among geographers that a great continent existed round the south pole, the "Terra Australis Incognita." Lope Gareia de Castro, the governor of Peru, sent his nephew Alvaro Mendaña in search of it, who sailed from Callao in 1567. Another expedition under Pedro Fernandez de Quiros left Callao in 1605, and discovered land in April 1606, which he called Australia del Espiritu Santo, now known to be one of the New Hebrides group. These were the first regular expeditions in search of the supposed southern continent.

