edition 1: 3386 words
ACADEMICS, or Acabemists, a denomination gi ven to the cultivators of a fpecies of philofophy oiigk* eally derived from Sornates; aid afottwaids iliuflrsied Von. I. No i. 3 ) A C A and inforoedby Plato, who taught in a grove near A- thens, confecrated to the memory of Academus an A- thenian hero; from which circumffance this philofophy received the name of academical. Before the days of Plato, philofophy had, in a great meafure, fallen into contempt. The conttadidory fyfleitis and hypothefes that had fuccellively been urged upon the world, Were become fo numerous, that, from a view of this ineon- ftancy and uncertainty of human opinions, many were led to conclude, that truth lay beyond the reach of our comprehenfion. Abfolute and univerfal feeptieifm was the natural confequeftce of this conciufion. In otder to remedy this abufe of philofophy and of the hufnan Faculties, Plato laid hold of the principles of th’e aca demical philofophy, and, in his Phaedo, reafonS m the following manner: “ If we ate unable to difeover “ truth, (fays he), it mnft be owing to two circtam- “ (lances; either there is no truth in the nature df “ things, or the mind, from a defed in its powers, “ is not able to apprehend it. Upon the latter luppo- “ (ition, all the uncertainly and fiuduation in the opi- “ nions and judgments of mankind admit of an eafy “ folution: Let us therefore be model!, and afefibe “ our errors to the real weaknefs of our own rnirtds, “ and not to the nature of things tbremfelves. Truth “ is often difficult of acoefs: in order to come at ir, rt We mull proceed with camion and diffidence, care- *c fully examining every ftep ; and after all cur labdur, “ we will frequently find our greateft efforts difap- “ pointed, and be obliged to confefs Our ignorance “ and weaknefs.” Labour and caution in our refearcb.es, in oppofitioh to raffi and hafty decifions, were the diftinguifhing charac- teriftics of the difciples of the. anoient academy. A philofophcr pofTeffed of thefe principles, will be flow in his progrefs, but will fjridom fall into errors, or have occalion to alter his opinion after it is once form ed. Vanity and precipitance are the great fourccs’of fcepticifm : hurried on by thefe, inftead of attending to the cool and deliberate principles recommended by the academy, feveral of our modern philofophers have plun ged themfclves into ah abfurd and ridiculous kind of fcep ticifm. They pretend to diferedit things that are plain, fimple, and eafily comprehended; but give peremptory and decifive judgments upon fubjetfs that evidently ex ceed the limits of oor capacity. Of thefe Berkley ifnd Hume are the mod confiderable. Berkley denied the exigence of every thing, excepting his own ideas. Mr Hume has gone a (lep further, and quediohed even the CxiftenCe of ideas; but at the fame time has not htfi- tated to give determined opinions with regard to etfer- mty, providence, and a future (late, miraculous inttr- politions of the Deity, <bc. fubjedh far above the reach of our faculties. In his feffay on the academical or fceptical philofophy, he has confounded two vdry oppofite fpecies of pirilofephy. After the days :of Plato, indeed, the principles of the firfl academy weie grofsly corrupted by Arcefrlas, Carneades, &c. This might lead Mr Hume into the notion that the etcade- Tuical and fceptical philofophy were fynrouimous ternis

edition 2: 4768 words
ANDREAS (John), acelebratedcanoniftinthe I4tl» century, was born at Mugello, near Florence; and was profeffor of canon-law at Padua,. Pifa, and afterwards at Bologna. It is faid that he macerated his body with failing; and lay upon the bare ground every night for 20 years together, covered only with the flcin of a bear.- Andreashada beautiful daughter, named JVovel/a, whom he loved extremely : and he is faid to have inftrufted her fo well in all parts of learning, that when he was en gaged in any affair which hindered him from reading ledlures to his fcholars, he fent his daughter in his room ; and left her beauty ihould prevent the attention of the hearers, ihe had a little curtain drawn before her. To perpetuate the memory of this daughter, he intitled his commentary upon the Decretals of Grego ry IX. the Novella. He married her to John Calde- rinus, a learned canonift. The firft work of Andreas was his Glofs upon the fixth Book of the Decretals, which he wrote when he was very young. He wrote alfo Gloffes upon the Clementines; and a Commentary in regulas Sexti, which he intitled Mercuriales, becaufc he either engaged in it on Wednefdays (diebus Mercit- rii,) or becaufe he inferted his Wednefdays difputes in it. He enlarged the Speculum of Durant, in the year 1347. This is all which Mr Bayle mentions of his writings, tho’ he wrote many more. Andreas died of the plague at Bologna,, in 1348, after, he had been a profeffor 45 years ; and was buried in the church of the DominicanSi Many eulogiums have been beftowed upon him. He has been called archidoftor decreto>- rum: In his epitaph, Rabbi doftorum; lux, cenfort nomaque morum ; “ Rabbi of the doctors, the light, cenfor, and rule of mannersAnd it is faid, that pope Boniface called him lumen mundi, “ the light of the world.” Andreas (John) was born a Mahometan, at Xativa in the kingdom of Valencia, and fucceeded his father in the dignity of alfaqui of that city. He was enlight ened with the knowledge of the Chriftian religion by being prefent at a fermon in the great church of Va lencia on the day of Aiiumption of the bleffed Virgin, in the year 1487. Upon this he defired to be bapti zed; and, in memory of the calling of St John and St Andrew, he received the name John Andreas. “ Ha ving received holy orders (fayshe), and, from an alfaqui and a flave of Lucifer, become a prieft and minifter of Chrift; I began, like St Paul, to preach and publifh the contrary of what I had erroneoufly believed and afferted ; and, with the affiftance of Almighty God, AND Andreas J converted at firll a great many fouls of the Moors, (J'’bn) who were in danger of hell, and under the dominion Andrelinas Lucifer, and conduced them into the way of falva-    tion. After this, I was fent for by the moll catholic prince, king Ferdinand, and queen Ifabella, in order to preach in Granada to the Moors of that kingdom, which their majefties had conquered: by God’s blef- fing on my preaching, an infinite number of Moors were brought to abjure Mahomet, and to turn to Chrift. A little after this, I was made a canon by their grace; and fent for again by the moll Chriftian queen Ifabella to Arragon, that I might be employed in the converfion of the Moors of thofe kingdoms, who ftill perfifted in their errors, to the great contempt and dilhonour of our crucified Saviour, and the prodigious lofs and danger of all Chriftian princes. But this ex cellent and pious defign of her majefty was rendered in- effe£lual by her death.” At the defire of Martin Gar cia, bilhop of Barcelona, he undertook to tranllate from the Arabic, into the language of Arragon, the whole law of the Moors ; and after having finilhed this undertaking, he compofed his famous work of Ths Confufton of the Sett of Mahumed; it contains twelve chapters, wherein he has collefted the fabulous ftories, impoftures, forgeries, brutalities, follies, obfcenities, absurdities, impoflibilities, lies, and contradi&ions, which Mahomet, in order to deceive the fimple peo ple, has difperfed in the writings of that feft, and e- fpecially in the alcoran, which, as he fays, was revealed to him in one night by an angel, in the city of Meke; though in another place he contradicts himfelf, and af firms that he was 20 years in compofing it. Andreas tells us, he wrote this work, that not only the learned amongft Chriftians, but even the common people might know the different belief and doCtrine of the Moors ; and on the one hand might laugh and ridicule fuch in- folent and brutal notions, and on the other might la ment their blindnefs and dangerous condition. This book, which was publilhed at firft in Spanifti, hasbeen tranflatedinto feveral languages; all thofe who write a- gainft the Mahometans, quote it very much

edition 3: 3170 words
The reticulata, or cuftard-apple, is a native of the Weft-Indies, where it grows to the height of 25 feet, and is well furnifhed with branches on every fide: the bark is fmooth, and of an a(h colour^ the leaves are of a light green, oblong, and have feveral deep tranfverfe ribs or veins, ending in acute points ; the fruit is of a conical form, as large as a tennis-ball, of an orange.colour when ripe, having a foft, fweet, yellowiih pulp, of the confiftence of a cuftard, from whence it has its name. 2. The muricata, or four-fop, rarely rifes above 20 feet high, and it is not fo well fur- nifhed vyithbranches as the other; the leaves are broad er, have a fmooth furface without any furrows, and are of a ftiining green colour : the fruit is large, of an oval fhape, irregular, and pointed at the top, of a greenifh yellow colour, and full of fmall knobs on the outfide : the pulp is foft, white; and of a four and fweet tafte intermixed, haying many oblong, dark co- ANN [ 44 J ANN Acnonse loured feeds. 3. The fquamofa, or fweet fop, feldom If rifes higher than 15 feet, and well furnifhed with Annota- branches on every fide. The leaves have an agreeable , t>on‘ . feent when rubbed ; the fruit is roundifh and fcaly, and * - when ripe turns of a purple colour, and hath a fweet pulp. 4. The paluftris, or water-apple, grows to the height of 30 or 40 feet. The leaves are oblong, pointed, with fome flender furrows, and have a ftrong feent when rubbed ; the fruit is feldom eaten but by negroes. The tree grows in moift places in all the Weil-India iflands. 5. The cherimola, with oblong fcaly fruit, is a native of Peru, where it is much culti vated for the fruit, and grows to be a very large tree well furnifhed with branches. The leaves are of a bright green colour, and much larger than thofe of any of the other forts. The fruit is oblong, and fcaly on the outfide, of a dark purple colour when ripe, and the flefh is foft and fweet, intermixed with many brown feeds which are fmooth and fhining. 6. The Africans, with fmooth 'bluifh fruit. 7. The Afiatica, or purple, apple. This grows in fome of the French iflands, as alfo in Cuba, in great plenty. The trees rife to the height of 30 feet or more. The fruit is efteemed by the inhabitants of thofe iflands, who frequently give them to fick perfons. 8. The triloba, or North-American annona, called by the inhabitants papanu, is a native of the Bahama iflands, and likewife of Virginia and Caro lina. The trunks of the trees are feldom bigger than the fmall of a man’s leg, and are about 10 or 12 feet high, having a fmooth greenifh-brown bark. In March, when the leaves begin to fprout, the bloffoins appear, confifting of fix greenifh-white petals. The fruit grows in cluflers of three, and fometimes of four together: when ripe, they are yellow, covered with a thin fmooth fkin, which contains a yellow pulp of a fweet lufeious tafte. In the middle of this pulp, lie in two rows twelve feeds, divided by as many thin mem branes. All parts of the tree have a rank, if not a fetid, fmell; nor is the fruit relifhed by many except negroes. Thefe trees grow in low fhady fwamps, and in a very fat foil

edition 4: 2507 words
ABIPON1ANS, a tribe of American Indians, who formerly inhabited the diftrift of Chaks in Paraguay ; but the hoftilities of the Spaniards have now obliged them to remove louthrvard into the territory lying be- ttveen Santa Fe and St Jago. The only account we have of them is that publiifhed by M. Dobrizhoffer in 1785. This gentleman, who lived feven years in their country, informs us that they are not numerous, the whole nation not much exceeding 5000 , for which he affigns as a reafon an unnatural cuftom among their women of fometimes deftroying their own children, from motives of jealoufy left their hufbands ftiould take other mates during the long time they give fuck* E which A B L [ j Atiram 'wliicla is not lefs than two years. They are naturally j white, but, by expofure to the air and fmoke, be- . come of a brown colour. They are a ftrong and har dy race of people j which our author attributes to their marrying fo late, an Abiponian feldom or never think ing of marriage till 30 years of age. They are great ly celebrated on account of their chaftity and other virtues; though, according to our author, they have no knowledge of a Deity. They make frequent in- curfions into the territories of the Spaniards, mounted on the horfes which run wild in thofe parts. They have a kind of order of chivalry for their warriors j and are fo formidable, that 100* of their enemies will fly before ten of thefe horfemen. The hatred which thefe favages, whofe manners, though rude and uncul tivated, are in many refpedls pure and virtuous, bear to the Spaniards, is invincible. “ Thefe pretended Chriftians,” fays our author, “ who are the fcum of the Spanilh nation, pra&ife every kind of fraud and villany among thefe poor barbarians j and their cor rupt and vicious morals are fo adapted to prejudice the Abiponians againft the Chriftian religion, that the Jefuit miflionaries have, by a fever# law, prohibited any Spaniard from coming, without a formal permif- fion, into any of their colonies.”—From his account of the fuccefs of the Jefuits in converting them to Chri- ftianity, however, it does not appear that they have been able to do more than bribe them to a compliance with the ceremonies of the Popifh fuperftition ; fo that in general they are quite ignorant and uncivilized ; a moft ftriking inftance of which is, that in counting they can go no further than three ; and all the art of the Jefuits to teach them the fimpleft ufe and expref- flon of numbers has proved unfuccefsful

edition 5: 4090 words
Dr Nicolas, a perfon of eminence in the phyfical world, and a relation of his mafter’s, happened to die. The Doctor’s books were removed to an apartment occu pied by Edw’ards, who eagerly employed all his leifure hours, both in the day and great part of the night, in perufing thofe which treated of natural hiftory,' fculp- ture, painting, aftronomy, and antiquities. The reading of thefe books entirely deprived him of any inclination for mercantile bufinefs he might have formerly had, and herefolved to travel into foreign countries. In 1716, he vifited moft of the principal towns in Holland, and in about a month returned to England. Two years after, he took a voyage to Norway, at the invitation of a gentleman who was difpofed to be his friend, and who was nephew to the mafter of the ffiip in which he em barked. At this time Charles XII. was befieging Fre- derickffiall \ by which means our young naturalift was hindered from making fuch excurfions into the coun try as other wife he could have done, for the Swedes were very careful to confine fuch ftrangers as could not give Educatfoi II Edwards, E D W [ 5S3 1 E D Y } ?ards. g‘ve a g00^ account themfelves. Bat notwithftand- L y—^ ing all his precaution, he was confined by the Danilh guard, who fuppofed him to be a fpy employed by the enemy to get intelligence of their defigns. However, by obtaining tellimonials of his innocence, a releafe was granted. In 1718 he returned to England, and next year vifited Paris by the way of Dieppe. During his flay in this country he made two journeys of 100 miles each ; the firft to Chalons in Champagne, in May 1720 j the fecond on foot, to Orleans and Blois; but an edidl happening at that time to be iffued for fecuring vagrants, in order to tranfport them to America, as the banks of the MifliiTippi wanted population j our au thor narrowly efcaped a weftern voyage. On his ar rival in England, Mr Edwards clofely purfued his fa vourite ftudy of natural hiftory, applying himfelf to drawing and colouring fuch animals as fell under his notice. A ftrift attention to natural, more than pic- tureique beauty, claimed his e.arlieft care : birds firft engaged his particular attention ; and having pur- chaled lome of the beft pictures of thefe fubjedts, he was induced to make a few drawings of bis own j which were admired by the curious, who encouraged our young naturalift to proceed, by paying a good price for his early labours. Among his firft patrons and bene- faftors may be mentioned James Theobalds, Efq. of Lambeth } a gentleman zealous for the promotion of fcience. Our artift, thus unexpectedly encouraged, in- creafed in Ikill and afliduity j and procured, by his ap plication to his favourite purfuit, a decent fubfiftence and a large acquaintance. However, he remitted hisin- duftry in 1731 ; when, in company with two of his re lations, he made an excurfion to Holland and Brabant, where he collected feveral fcarce books and prints, and had an opportunity of examining the original pictures of feveral great maftersat Antwerp, Brufiels, Utrecht, and other cities. In December 1733, by the recommenda tion of the great Sir Hans Sloane, Bart, prefident of the College of Phyficians, he was chofen librarian, and had apartments in the college. This office was peculiarly a- greeable to histafteand inclination, as he had the oppor tunity of a conftant recourfe to a valuable library, fill ed with fcarce and curious books on the fubjeCt of na tural hiftory, which he fo affiduoufiy ftudied. By de grees he became one of the moll eminent ornithologifts in this or any other country. His merit is fo well known in this refpeCt, as t« render any eulogium on his pertormances unneceflary : but it may be obf^rved, that he never trufted to others what he could perform him felf ; and often found it fo difficult to give fatisfaftion to his own mind, that he frequently made three or four drawings to delineate the objeCt in its molt lively cha racter, attitude, and reprefentation. In 1743, the firft volume of the Hiftory of Birds was publiffied in quarto

edition 6: 4350 words
CONJUNCTIONS, by which name are distinguished all those CONNECTIVES WHICH ARE COM MONLY EMPLOYED TO CONJOIN SENTENCES. These have been divided into two kinds, called And ‘CONJUNCTIVES, or those words which conjoin sentences and their meanings also 5 and DISJUNCTIVES, or those words which, at the same time that they conjoin sentences, disjoin their meanings. Each of these general divisions has-been again subdivided. The former into copulatives and continuatives, the latter into simple dis junctives and adversative disjunctives. But the general division is absurd, and the subdivisions are useless. Conjunc- <[ tions never disjoin the meanings of sentences, nor have any other effect than to combine two or more simple sentences into one compound sentence. If those simple sentences be oi opposite meanings, before their combination, they will continue so after it, whatever conjunction be employed to unite them. In nature, DIFFERENT TRUTHS are connected, if they be connected at all, by different relations j and therefore when the sentences expressive of those truths are connected jti language, it must be by words significant of those NATURAL relations. Thus, 'Accidental addition is expressed by the conjunction and 5 as when we say, Lysippus was a statuary and Priscian was a grammarian.” " The unexpected junction of contrary truths is expressed by but j as, “ Brutus was a patriot but Caesar was not.” The relation of an effect to its cause is expressed by because j as, “ Rome was enslaved because Caesar was ambitious.” The relation of an effect to a cause of which the existence is doubtful, by if j as, “ you will live happily if you live honestly.” The relation of a cause to its effect, by therefore j as, “ Caesar was ambitious therefore Rome was enslaved.” The idea of simple diversity is expressed by either and or ; as, “ either it is day or it is night.” Contrariety between two affirmations, which though each may be true by itself, cannot both be true at once, is expressed by unless j as, Troy will be taken unless the Palladium be preserved.” Coincidence of two affirmations apparently contrary to each other is expressed by although j as, “ Troy will be taken although Hector defend it.” PREPOSITIONS, or those connectives of which the common office is to conjoin words which refuse to coalesce j and this they can do only by signifying those relations BY WHICH THE things expressed by the united words are connected in nature. The words of men, like their first ideas, had an immediate reference to sensible objects j and therefore <! there can be no doubt but the original use of prepositions was to denote the various relations of body. Afterwards when men began to dicern with their intellect, they took those words which they found already made, prepositions as well as others, and transferred them by metaphor to intellectual concep- tions. Prepositions therefore are either PROPER, or those which lite rally denote the relations sub sisting among the objects of sense. Such as Or The accidental junction of two things between which there is no necessary connection ; as, “ a house with a party wall.” The separation of two things which we should expect to find united ; as, “ a house without a roof, a man without hands.” The relation subsisting between any thing and that which supports it j as, “ the statue stands upon a pedestal.” The relations of higher and lower j as, “ the sun is risen above the hills To support uneasy steps over the burning marie :—The sun is set BELOW the hori zon :—The shepherd reclines under the shade of a beech-tree.” The relation between any thing in motion and that in which it moves j as, “ the rays of light pass through the air.” The relation between any thing continued, whether motion or rest, and the point of its beginning 5 as, “ the rays of light proceed from the sun:— These figs came from Turkey -That lamp hangs FROM the ceiling.” The relation between any thing continued and the point to which it tends ; as, “ he is going to Italy :—He slept till morning.” The relation between an effect and its cause j as, “ I am sick of my husband and for my gallant.” Conjunctions and preposi tions are indeed employed only to connect sentences and words ; but it may be doubted whether they be parts ofspeech distinct from nouns, verbs, and adjec tives. -See Chap. VI


edition 7: 2504 words
Leibnitz (G. W.), XHI. 202; V. 25— on the merits of Descartes, Hobbes, Bacon, and Campanella, I. 26—his ob jections to Malebranche’s principles relative to cause and effect, 78—his veneration for the Roman law, 92— his misapprehension of Locke’s doc trine on the origin of knowledge, 113 —the school which he founded strong ly discriminated from Locke’s, 122— effects of his correspondence, 123— coincidence between him and Cud- worth concerning innate ideas, ib.— doctrines which he laboured to estab lish, 124—his theory of pre-established harmony, ib., 125—contrast between his speculations and the doctrines of Locke, 126—his scheme of optimism, ib., et seq.—his work entitled Theodi- ccea, 126-7,129—maintained necessity, but opposed materialism, 128—on the soul, ib.—injurious influence of his doctrine of fatalism, 129 —on the prin ciple of a sufficient reason, 130, et seq.; 536-7—histheoryofmonads,130, 255—on the law of continuity, 257-8, 537—on the states of rest and motion of bodies, 257—on the existence of the soul after death, 259—his mind, in reasoning upon metaphysical subjects, biassed by geometry, ib.—extension of his principle by Helvetius, 135—on the etymological study of languages, 136, 262—his assertion that all proper names were at first appellatives, 260 —his genius, 137—his credulity, 138, 261—value of his speculations in ad vancing knowledge, ib.—estimate of LEI—LEN his character by Bailly, 262-great variety of subjects on which he wrote, ib.—his controversy with Dr Clarke, 139—on space and time, 142—small progress of his tenets in France, 186 —contrast between the form of his writings and the character of his mind, 337—favourite maxim of, ib.— his ethical principles where to be found, ib.—citations from, on ethics, 337, 422—on disinterested affection, 338—egregious fallacy contained in a statement of, 338-9—his correspond ence with Newton on geometry, 520— was the second inventor of the new in finitesimal analysis, ib.; IX. 6 32—rapid spread of his geometry on the Conti nent, I. 520—controversy relative to the new calculus, 521; XIV. 318, 321 —his rejection of the higher powers of the differences of the variable quan tities objectionable, I. 526—compari son between him and Newton, 571— his algebraical discoveries, 595—a great promoter of the Berlin Academy of Sciences, II. 71—an algebraic dis covery of James Gregory claimed by, 497—hydrostatical fancy of, IV. 395 — his classification of books, 631 — inactivity of matter denied by, VIII

edition 8: 5300 words
ASTRONOMY. SIR WILLIAM HERSCHEL. 841 tions on the other planets and on the moon we here III. Of the Grouping of the Stars generally in pass over for want of space. space, and the significance of the Milky Way (185) I have reserved the observations on the nature of IV. Of the Motion of our System in space ontneMm. the gun tQ thls placej because everything leads us to I. On Double Stars. Discovery of Binary Sys- assimilate the nature of the sun and of the fixed stars, terns.—Double stars were noticed as objects of curio- The belief that the luminous disk of the sun is a photo- sity even before the discovery of the telescope The sphere or luminous atmosphere of great tenuity sur- group of the Pleiades attracted attention from the rounding a globe of comparative density and dark- earliest times. Amongst the earliest double stars ness, was long anterior to Herschel, and in fact due carefully observed were g Ursa? Maioris (by Kirch to Dr Patrick WTilson of Glasgow, whose admirable 1700) ; « Centauri in 1709 ; y Virginis and Castor paper on this subject was published in the Philoso- by Bradley (1718 and 1719) ; Mayer made a con- phical Transactions for 1774, in which he explains siderable catalogue of double stars in 1756. But the phenomena of the solar spots by apertures in the Lambert first announced in 1761 (in his Lettres Cos- lummous atmosphere, discovering the dark nucleus mologiques) the probability of the mutual revolution below, and some shell or shells of intermediate of suns, in these remarkable words (speaking of clus- bnghtness which form the penumbra. 1 These con- ters of stars), “ It will perhaps be decided whether elusions were most clearly and ably deduced from a there are not fixed stars which make their revolutions careful observation ofthechangingaspect of the spots, in no long periods round their common centres of as they move by the solar rotation from the centre gravity.” Mitchell, in 1767 and 1784, maintained followed th<5 °f lllS ^ 18 t0 136 reSretted tiiat tlie same views> supported them by an applica- Patrick Herschel does not more pointedly refer to the dis- tion of the then young science of probability, hazard- Wilson. coveries of Wilson, which were more than twenty ous in its principle, and unquestionably wrong in its years antecedent to his first paper on the subject, numerical solution.^ and with which he could hardly fail to have been ac- Sir W. Herschel commenced his observations on quamted. A similar icmark applies, in a less degree, double stars with the hope of ascertaining the Annual to his papers generally, which rarely contain references Parallax in the manner previously indicated by to the observations and speculations of his predeces- Galileo and James Gregory; but, as in many parallel sors. Herschel adopted Wilson’s hypothesis almost instances, whilst he failed of his main result, he dis- literall), and his long series of patient observations on covered unsought a phenomenon more unexpected the sun, made with high powers and at an eminent risk and probably more interesting. With the micro- to his eyesight, enabled him to classify the singularly metrical means at his disposal," he entirely failed in varied appearances of that wonderful orb, and to detecting any semi-annual fluctuation of the inter draw some probable conclusions from the excessive val between the members of the pair of stars, but rapidity and seeming tumult of the exterior portions he found (in some instances) progressive and con- of it. That the photosphere is strictly gaseous he tinually increasing changes both in the relative rendered very probable, an inference confirmed by position and distance of the two. He com- the direct observations of Arago as to the un- menced his observations in 1779, but it was not polarized character of its light. The singular dis- until 1802 that he thought himself entitled to an- closure of faint red prominences extending far beyond nounce with confidence his discovery of the circula- the disk, and observed in the total eclipses of 1842 tion of one sun .round another, or rather of both and 1851, shows that there is still much which i'e- round their common centre of gravity. Herschel’s gards the mysterious nature of the sun within reach first list of orbital stars {Phil. Trans. 1803, where of direct observation ; and the same may be observed this splendid discovery was first published1 2 3) includes of the direct experiments lately made on the heat the chief examples now known ; and they have all and light of different parts of the disk, which diminish been confirmed. That of which the revolution is to one-half between the centre and the edge, and most rapid is £ Herculis, which has a period of 31J- appear to attain a maximum at the solar equator. years, and consequently has revolved twice round ^(186.), A convenient, though not a strictly chronological since it was first observed, whilst the slow planet sidereal18 a.rrangemenfc °f Sir Wr. Herschel’s more important Uranus has not yet returned to the position of its discoveries. sMereal discoveries and speculations may be made first discovery. Herschel does not appear to have under the following heads :— received a medal or other public recognition of this I. Of double Stars and their mutual connection. signal success
